Fix typo (#1969)
huggingface/blog: codegemma.md

[CodeGemma 2B](https://huggingface.co/google/codegemma-2b) was trained exclusively on Code Infilling and is meant for fast code completion and generation, especially in settings where latency and/or privacy are crucial. [CodeGemma 7B](https://huggingface.co/google/codegemma-7b) training mix includes code infilling data (80%) and natural language. It can be used for code completion, as well as code and language understanding and generation. [CodeGemma 7B Instruct](https://huggingface.co/google/codegemma-7b-it) was fine-tuned for instruction following on top of CodeGemma 7B. It’s meant for conversational use, especially around code, programming, or mathematical reasoning topics. All the models have the same 8K token context size as their predecessors.

![The CodeGemma family](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/blog/codegemma/codegemma-family.png "The CodeGemma family")

> This image is from [the original report](https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/gemma/codegemma_report.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image is from [the original report](https://goo.gle/codegemma)
```

### Prompt format

CodeGemma 2B and CodeGemma 7B use infilling (code, comments, docstrings, import statements) for code completion. CodeGemma was trained for this task using the fill-in-the-middle (FIM) objective, where you provide a prefix and a suffix as context for the completion. The following tokens are used to separate the different parts of the input:

- `<|fim_prefix|>` precedes the context before the completion we want to run.
- `<|fim_suffix|>` precedes the suffix. You must put this token exactly where the cursor would be positioned in an editor, as this is the location where the model will code complete.
- `<|fim_middle|>` is the prompt that invites the model to run the generation.

In addition to these, there's also `<|file_separator|>`, which provides multi-file contexts. We’ll show examples of use in the *Using with transformers* section.

CodeGemma 7B Instruct uses the same prompt format as the base Gemma Instruction-tuned versions, following this conversation structure:

```bash

> <start_of_turn>user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<bos><start_of_turn>user
```

Suggested by @philschmid. We initially had it in the Gemma post, then removed it (when we made it part of the chat template), but still there was confusion in the community. So maybe keep it here, and update the Gemma post consistently?

knock knock<end_of_turn>
<start_of_turn>model
who is there<end_of_turn>
<start_of_turn>user
LaMDA<end_of_turn>
<start_of_turn>model
LaMDA who?<end_of_turn>
```

As is the case with Gemma, the easiest way to reproduce this format is with the chat template available in `transformers`.

## Using CodeGemma

### Using Transformers

> With Transformers [release 4.39](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/releases/tag/v4.39.0), you can use CodeGemma and leverage all the tools within the Hugging Face ecosystem, such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Transformers [release 4.39](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/releases/tag/v4.39.3), you can use CodeGemma and leverage all the tools within the Hugging Face ecosystem, such as:
```

I think all the Gemma fixes are in 4.39.0, but still.

- training and inference scripts and examples
- safe file format (`safetensors`)
- integrations with tools such as bitsandbytes (4-bit quantization), PEFT (parameter efficient fine-tuning), and Flash Attention 2
- utilities and helpers to run generation with the model
- mechanisms to export the models to deploy

Like the Gemma models, CodeGemma is compatible with `torch.compile()` for an important inference speedup.

To use CodeGemma with transformers, make sure to use the latest release:

```jsx

> pip install -U "transformers==4.39.3" --upgrade

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pip install --upgrade transformers
```

I'd maybe not pin here

```
age = current_year - birth_year<|file_separator|>
```

### A note on precision

The original CodeGemma checkpoints are released in `bfloat16` precision. If you load the model without indicating a `torch_dtype`, PyTorch will upcast them to `float32`. Casting to `float16` is perfectly fine for use, and it can be much faster than `bfloat16` on certain hardware. For maximum precision, we recommend you use `bfloat16` rather than `float32`.

You can also automatically quantize the model, loading it in 8-bit or 4-bit mode. 4-bit loading of CodeGemma 7B takes about 9 GB of memory to run, making it compatible with many consumer cards and all the GPUs in Google Colab. This is how you’d load the generation pipeline in 4-bit:

```jsx
pipeline = pipeline(
    "text-generation",
    model=model,
    model_kwargs={
        "torch_dtype": torch.float16,
        "quantization_config": {"load_in_4bit": True}
    },
)
```

### Integration with Google Cloud

You can deploy and train Gemma on Google Cloud through Vertex AI or Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), using [Text Generation Inference](https://huggingface.co/docs/text-generation-inference/index) and Transformers. 

> To deploy the CodeGemma model from Hugging Face, go to the [model page](https://huggingface.co/google/codegemma-7b-it) and click on [Deploy -> Google Cloud.](https://huggingface.co/google/codegemma-7b-it) This will bring you to the Google Cloud Console, where you can 1-click deploy Gemma on Vertex AI or GKE. Text Generation Inference powers Gemma on Google Cloud and is the first integration in our [partnership with Google Cloud.](https://huggingface.co/blog/gcp-partnership)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy the CodeGemma model from Hugging Face, go to the [model page](https://huggingface.co/google/codegemma-7b-it) and click on [Deploy -> Google Cloud.](https://huggingface.co/google/codegemma-7b-it) This will bring you to the Google Cloud Console, where you can 1-click deploy CodeGemma on Vertex AI or GKE, powered by Text Generation Inference.
```

> You can also access Gemma directly through the Vertex AI Model Garden. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also access CodeGemma directly through the Vertex AI Model Garden. 
```

![GCP Integration](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/blog/codegemma/gcp-integration.png "GCP Integration")

## Integration with Inference Endpoints

> You can deploy CodeGemma on Hugging Face's [Inference Endpoints](https://ui.endpoints.huggingface.co/new?repository=google/codegemma-2b&vendor=aws&region=us-east-1&accelerator=gpu&instance_size=2xlarge&task=text-generation&no_suggested_compute=true&tgi=true&tgi_max_batch_total_tokens=1024000&tgi_max_total_tokens=32000), which uses Text Generation Inference as the backend. [Text Generation Inference](https://github.com/huggingface/text-generation-inference) is a production-ready inference container developed by Hugging Face to enable easy deployment of large language models. It has features such as continuous batching, token streaming, tensor parallelism for fast inference on multiple GPUs, and production-ready logging and tracing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can deploy CodeGemma on Hugging Face's [Inference Endpoints](https://ui.endpoints.huggingface.co/new?repository=google/codegemma-2b&vendor=aws&region=us-east-1&accelerator=gpu&instance_size=2xlarge&task=text-generation&no_suggested_compute=true&tgi=true&tgi_max_batch_total_tokens=1024000&tgi_max_total_tokens=32000), which uses Text Generation Inference as the backend. [Text Generation Inference](https://github.com/huggingface/text-generation-inference) is a production-ready inference container developed by Hugging Face to enable easy deployment of large language models. It has features such as continuous batching, token streaming, tensor parallelism for fast inference on multiple GPUs, production-ready logging and tracing, and is distributed under the Apache 2 license.
```

To deploy a CodeGemma model, go to the [model page](https://huggingface.co/google/codegemma-2b) and click on the [Deploy -> Inference Endpoints](https://ui.endpoints.huggingface.co/new?repository=google/codegemma-2b) widget. You can learn more about [Deploying LLMs with Hugging Face Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/blog/inference-endpoints-llm) in a previous blog post. Note that T4s do not support the `bfloat16` format, so you will need to use a different GPU option.

```python
from huggingface_hub import InferenceClient

client = InferenceClient(model=IE_ENDPOINT)

prompt = """\
<|fim_prefix|>import <|fim_suffix|>

if __name__ == '__main__':
  sys.exit(0)<|fim_middle|>\
"""

client.text_generation(prompt=prompt)
```

> ## **Additional Resources**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional Resources
```

> - [Models on the Hub](https://huggingface.co/models?other=mixtral)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Models on the Hub](https://huggingface.co/models?search=google/codegemma)
```

> - [Code Leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/bigcode/bigcode-models-leaderboard)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Code Leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/bigcode/bigcode-models-leaderboard)
- [Technical Report](https://goo.gle/codegemma)
```

> - [TODO]: add colabs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
